#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-macos
anyio==3.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-macos
attrs==23.1.0
    # via jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.20.1
    # via kivy
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via anyio
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.17.1
    # via nbformat
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via tensorflow-macos
fonttools==4.40.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
google-auth==2.21.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
grpcio==1.56.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-macos
h5py==3.9.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   markdown
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via matplotlib
ipykernel==6.23.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.14.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.6
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.7.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
keras==2.13.1rc1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-macos
kivy==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
kivy-garden==0.1.5
    # via kivy
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
libclang==16.0.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
markdown==3.4.3
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.6.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.9.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.4
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   opt-einsum
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-macos
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencv-python==4.7.0.72
    # via -r requirements.in
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
overrides==7.3.1
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   tensorflow-macos
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==3.8.0
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==4.23.3
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-macos
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   kivy
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.1.0
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.3
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.1
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   kivy-garden
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scipy==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   tensorflow-macos
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
tensorboard==2.13.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.13.0rc1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.13.0rc0
    # via tensorflow-macos
tensorflow-macos==2.13.0-rc1
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.3.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.6.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   tensorflow-macos
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.3.6
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.40.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow-macos
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
